Kindly update our system with below

1.       Dashboard to have a field for find or search

2.       Login credentials now working

    * Reset password or generate new password not working
    * I need to approve a new employee. As of now if I gave someone
mandate to create new employees, I cannot verify that new employees created
are credible.

3.       Notifications for expired contracts / driving license or any
document that needs renewal, this is not working

4.       I can still be able to view inactive employees at Employees
Portal and not be notified that the employee is not active.

5.       Payroll portal kindly add date to all fields.

    * deductions and earnings table does not have date. cannot not know
which ot/allowance/deductions/earnings is for when until you open.
Kindly include view by date/month/year

6.       When a leave is applied, where does that notification goes to?
How will HR or Super admin know that a leave has been applied? should there
be a notification panel/pop up?

    * approvals and expiry for documents not working as I assumed it
would.
If there is an approval to be done, where is the notification panel? if I
need to approve a filled leave, how will I know it has been applied?

7.       I should be able to update/view an inactive employee without
activating him/her first

    * enter button and tab button needs to be adjusted. when you press
tab on a name the system does not pick it you have to first press enter then
tab
    * reminders and notifications for the systems are not working ok

    * should notify by email that there is something to be done

    * when putting information for new employee the system to check on
the back ground for ID number, bank account number and PIN number if
employee is already in the system. currently you have to upload all info
then the system notifies you otherwise
    * calculator for salaries should be able to autofill on new employee
platform. It makes no logic have it on a different platfoam such that user
will keep checking back n forth for calculated info
    * when fetching reports system still picks inactive employee then it
brings an error page
    * KINDLY CHECK THIS SYSTEM NOT TO BRING ERROR PAGES WHATSOEVER
    * Can calculator be on the field for new employee then after you
have used it to calculate, it auto fills the information to the new
employee?


    * calculator to also include

                                                                i.
house allowance

                                                              ii.
travelling allowance

                                                             iii.
salary advance

                                                            iv.      or
one can add any deduction then it simply autofills e.g from date of
employement.
